# Python API - What's the Weather Like?

## My Observations:
* It was fascinating to discover that some factors, such as humidity and max temperatures, tend to have similar outcomes in certain regions in both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. Keep in mind, we are observing all of this during the summer season. For instance, the max temperatures (see Fig1) are continously the highest at and near the Equator. In Fig2, we see the humidity is usually 50% or higher at and around the Equator where in other regions up in the North and South all vary anywhere between 3-100%. 
* The cloudiness was interesting to me because before performing this analysis I figured it would be mostly cloudy in the regions where extreme weather occurs such as the Equator and both North and South poles. However, as I performed this analysis I discovered that cloudiness it pretty much all over the place in both Hemispheres no matter what the other weather conditions are like. While some cities in their respective regions have more clusters of  clear skies or very cloudy days the plot (see Fig3) shows us that it is dispersed fairly well over the entire globe.
* When it came to analyzing the wind speeds I did not imagine the wind speeds would be so low for some areas. I expected to fins high winds in at least a few areas around the world. However, the highest speeds I could find during this analysis were at most 25-35mph. I was surprised to make this discovery. The majority of the world was experiencing anywhere between 1-10mph winds (refer to Fig4).
